The Gay agenda:

HIGH PRIORITY
Find proper locations for the WM Nodes. Current are most accurate to FE6 but are also janky with the cursor, so take some creative liberties.
Then finally draw their roads.
Oh, and also WM Cutscenes. But ugh those are a pain.
Idunn's dragon mug is glitched? It causes some visual glitches (even with other portraits?) and crashes the game. Or is it somethign else in the final chapter?
Re-add some items like the Metis' tome and Earth Seal.
Ch21 promotion still buggy visually.
WM Event post Ch21 buggy visually? Doesn't fade in?


MEDIUM PRIORITY
Install the FE6-style background patch once I can get the WSL environment working.
FE6 has different animations for the following classes:
	Shaman, Druid, ShamanF and DruidF have different palettes.
Implement Triangle attack text.
Apocalypse's icon is bugged.
Start managing the free space created by unused vanilla assets to save on ROM space.


LOW PRIORITY
tmx2ea creates lowercase EAstdlib imports, which ColorzCore complains about. Make a new .exe from the original .py and use it.
The big world map implementation is VERY BAD. UndoBuffer cheese. I have no idea how the Palette Map works.
Ch16x background.
Bard and Dancer map sounds are weird.
Slight visual bug with ballista ammo counter. Terrain info overlaps it.
Recruitable characters only go up so high. Double check the limit against current amount and Trial characters (possibly culling then).
The "Custom Game Over" thing is a bit messy. Try to fix it up. The reason I can't put the character check thing as Roy's death quote is that CHECK_DEPLOYED seems to exit the function early from that context?
Importing music via FEB can use the wrong priority due to how prio is(n't) implemented in the process. I made an EA file that's ran post-insertion but that's not an ideal solution. Potentially make a ticket.



NEED PATCHES
Add Binding Blade check for Idunn.
Recruitable Character HM bonuses.
Bugged (doubled) early HM bonuses.
Add IER...?
Ch21x traps...? Some might be possible to recreate with eventing, but not all for sure.
Is there some way to bypass the palette limitations for Fae's animations?



MISC
Brigand and Berserker promos have been merged. In FE6 they're slightly different.
Torch staff currently has FE8 behavior. Though is this really worth changing...?
All enemies with FE6 specific AI (Galle, the Ch2/23 gate enemies..) have more standard AI.
Ping Lexmb when it's out
https://www.reddit.com/r/shittygaming/comments/1jnp57p/hilda_and_the_monday_shittygaming_lounge/mkpgutk/